docs: Add production installation ECS docs (#11049)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/ecs/get-started/production-installation.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Production Installation - AWS ECS
description: >-
  Production Installation of the Consul Service Mesh on AWS ECS (Elastic Container Service).
---

# Production Installation

For a production-ready installation of Consul on ECS, you will need to make sure that the cluster is secured.

> Secure Consul cluster should include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A secure Consul cluster should include the following:
```

1. [Gossip Encryption](/docs/security/encryption#gossip-encryption) for encrypting gossip traffic.
1. [Access Control (ACLs)](/docs/security/acl) for authentication and authorization for Consul clients and services on the mesh.

-> **NOTE:** This page assumes that you have already configured your Consul server with the above features.

## Deploy ACL Controller

Before deploying your service, you will need to deploy the [ACL controller](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/hashicorp/consul-ecs/aws/latest/submodules/acl-controller) so that it can provision the necessary tokens
for tasks on the service mesh. To learn more about the ACL Controller, please see [Automatic ACL Token Provisioning](/docs/ecs/architecture#automatic-acl-token-provisioning).

To deploy the controller, you will first need store an ACL token with `acl:write` privileges
and CA certificate for the Consul server in AWS Secrets Manager.

```hcl
resource "aws_secretsmanager_secret" "bootstrap_token" {
  name  = "bootstrap-token"
}

resource "aws_secretsmanager_secret_version" "bootstrap_token" {
  secret_id     = aws_secretsmanager_secret.bootstrap_token[count.index].id

>   secret_string = random_uuid.bootstrap_token[count.index].result

Reviewer: I think we can remove `count.index` in this example.

Author: lol thank you! yes this was a bad copy-pasta 😄

>   secret_id     = aws_secretsmanager_secret.bootstrap_token[count.index].id
>   secret_string = random_uuid.bootstrap_token[count.index].result

Author: ```suggestion
  secret_id     = aws_secretsmanager_secret.bootstrap_token.id
  secret_string = random_uuid.bootstrap_token.result
```

```hcl
module "acl_controller" {
  source                            = "hashicorp/consul/aws-ecs//modules/acl-controller"
  consul_bootstrap_token_secret_arn = aws_secretsmanager_secret.bootstrap_token.arn
  consul_server_http_addr           = "https://consul-server.example.com:8501"
  consul_server_ca_cert_arn         = aws_secretsmanager_secret.ca_cert.arn
  ecs_cluster_arn                   = "arn:aws:ecs:my-region:111111111111:cluster/consul-ecs"
  region                            = "my-region"
  subnets                           = ["subnet-abcdef123456789"]
  name_prefix                       = "consul-ecs"
}
```

The `name_prefix` parameter is used to prefix any secrets that the ACL controller will
update in AWS Secrets Manager.

-> **NOTE:** Make sure that the `name_prefix` is unique for each ECS cluster where you are
deploying this controller.

## Deploy Services

Once ACL controller is up and running, you can deploy services on the mesh using the [`mesh-task` module](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/hashicorp/consul-ecs/aws/latest/submodules/mesh-task).

> Please make sure that you already have the basic configuration for the [Task Module](/docs/ecs/get-started/install#task-module).
> We will add additional configuration to that basic configuration to make it production-ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start with the basic configuration for the [Task Module](/docs/ecs/get-started/install#task-module) and specify additional settings  to make the configuration production-ready.
```
For consistent style
